Dialect 2
Dearати Monica, can i ask your opinion regarding Arabic?
Of course reem, because i love this kind of dialogue.
Good, when the Arabic language appeared in the world?
The Arabic language has appeared
since long years ago in Jeddah,
and the historians indicated
It is one of the top languages
and it is the group of the oldest languages in the world
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that
but the diversity of Arabic language sciences
between literature and communication
and grammar and grammar
and the beauty of the words and the expression
and the multiple singularities
make some people afraid of learning it
while it is one of the strong and easy languages to learn
but it only needs determination and persistence to learn and master it
Do you know why Arabic is called the language of the opposite?
Yes, for sure
This name is re-used on Arabic
because it is the only language on the level of the languages of the world
that contains the letter of the opposite
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it
and made it the language of the Holy Quran
and the language of the Master of Messengers
and it is the main language of Islam
and the cradle of civilizations around the world
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Yamuna